others:

3D Scene Understanding with TensorFlow 3D [https://ai.googleblog.com/2021/02/3d-scene-understanding-with-tensorflow.html]




# Vuforia Spatial Toolbox Virtualizer

## Read First
The Vuforia Spatial Toolbox and Vuforia Spatial Edge Server make up a shared research platform for exploring spatial computing as a community. This research platform is not an out of the box production-ready enterprise solution. Please read the [MPL 2.0 license](LICENSE) before use.

Join the conversations in our [discourse
forum](https://forum.spatialtoolbox.vuforia.com) if you have questions, ideas,
want to collaborate, or to just say hi.


## Prerequisites

Note that you must own 1-6 Microsoft Azure Kinect cameras to use this software.

Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and/or [Github
Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/). Install Unity 2017.4.10f1 from the
[Unity download archive](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download/archive).
Install [Azure Kinect Development Kit
v1.3.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kinect-dk/sensor-sdk-download)
and [Azure Kinect Body Tracking SDK
v0.9.4](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kinect-dk/body-sdk-download)

If you encounter the error `DllNotFoundException` it will be necessary to also
install Visual Studio Code 2017 and 2019 with support for C++ development. This
covers missing dependencies on freshly installed copies of Windows.

## Copying dependencies with checkout.sh

Run this repository's script checkout.sh in Git Bash. This generally looks like
the following:

```bash
cd Documents/GitHub/repos/Virtualizer
./checkout.sh
```

This should copy some dlls from the Azure Kinect SDKs, you should have some new
dll files in the same directory as checkout.sh. The whole process should look
like this:

![checkout.sh run](doc/checkoutsh-after.png)

## Adding OpenCVForUnity

Next, it's time to add OpenCVForUnity v2.4.2 to the project. This project is
available [on its website](https://enoxsoftware.com/opencvforunity/). For
testing purposes the free trial is enough. Add this asset through Unity's
Assets > Import package > Custom package menu.

## Starting the project in Unity

Open the project in Unity. It should look like this:

![open in unity](doc/open-virtualizer-in-unity.png)

If the start scene doesn't open by default, open it here:

![start scene location](doc/start-scene-in-unity.png)

Clicking the run button should pop up with uncalibrated cameras. To get an
initial calibration click the Autocalibrate button then manually refine the
camera positions if desired.

![autocalibrate button](doc/autocalibrate-button.png)

Click "Save Calibration" to save this new calibration.

![save calibration button](doc/save-calibration-button.png)

## Connecting to an edge server

Download and setup the edge server as described in [the
tutorial](https://spatialtoolbox.vuforia.com/docs/use/connect-to-the-physical-world/install-on-windows).
You should have a working edge server with a normal directory structure:

![edge server layout](doc/edge-server-layout.png)

Stop the server if it's been started.

Download the remote operator from [its
repository](https://github.com/ptcrealitylab/vuforia-spatial-remote-operator-addon/)
and unpack its directory
in your edge server's addon directory. It should look like this:

![edge server addons](doc/remote-operator-addon.png)

## Starting the edge server

Stop the Unity scene if it's currently running. Start the server with `npm start`:

![npm start](doc/npm-start.png)

With the server running and logging messages to the console, start the Unity
project. It should connect to the edge server. Note the 'name function has been
called with: station' messages below

![logging after connection](doc/logging-after-connection.png)

## Viewing in browser

Finally, open [localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) and select your local IP
from the top left menu to see the Virtualizer in action.

![browser view](doc/browser-view.png)
